Improve repl output window performance (#2011)
BetterThanTomorrow/calva: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

- Fix: [Rogue loops that print output to stdout cause Calva to hang](https://github.com/BetterThanTomorrow/calva/issues/2010)
- Fix: [Output window becomes very slow when number of lines of content is very high](https://github.com/BetterThanTomorrow/calva/issues/804)

> - Partial Fix: [Output window becomes very slow when number of lines of content is very high](https://github.com/BetterThanTomorrow/calva/issues/942)

Reviewer: Copy/paste error. 😄 

```suggestion
- Partial Fix: [REPL is Slow and Performance Degrades as the Output Grows](https://github.com/BetterThanTomorrow/calva/issues/942)
```
